ford fusion is the first big sedan
which can be bought with a motor
bi-fuel in Brazil
brand words but in this release
despite the car flex all models
available to the press were
fueled with gasoline ie does not
to know how the big ethanol goes
strange newness the 2.5 flex is the same
used in the new rangers and was developed
especially for our market
in fusion provides 175 horses with ethanol
and 167 with less gasoline but
also less dollar signs than the top model
line titanium with 2.0 turbo engine the
flex is sold in single version as per
ninety two thousand nine hundred and ninety
real
the optional sunroof is 14 thousand a
same automatic transmission of six
speeds with option to change in mode
sequential so that the price of the new
Fusion with 2.5 flex motor Decrease
some attractions have not
there is no radar that keeps distance from the
vehicle ahead with alert
collision
nor the system that warns the driver
when the car leaves the bearing range
Another difference is that only traction
front of the start button nothing like
a richer brother the flex version only turns on
in the key
despite these absences, he continues
offering luxury and comfort eight airbags
electronic stability control
four wheel drive wheel drive
with abs jump starting assistant
but with all this technological support the
fusion engine could
very well be manufactured in outdated
the cold starting stub does not
liked this big sedan so stay
connected here in the program because here
A little you'll meet one
small but brave
the new chevrolet prism that arrives for
fight in the highly disputed segment of
compact sedans and it has changed
completely worth checking